# d2k8 stack YAML
A stack is a collection of services. The default name for this file is `elora.yml`, although other filenames are supported. 

Below is an example `d2k8.yml`:

```
web:
  image: myapp
  links:
    - mongo
mongo:
  image: mongo
```

Each key defined in `d2k8.yml` will create a Kubernetes service with that name. Each service is a dictionary whose keys are documented below.

## image
The image used to deploy this service.

```
image: ubuntu
```

## environment
A list of environment variables for the service containers (overriding any image-defined environment variables).

```
environment:
    PASSWORD: my_password
```

You can use get the environment variable value from your local shell environment variables, which is very convenient for passwords or any other sensitive information, like this:

```
environment:
  - PASSWORD
```


## links
Link to another service. For services in other stacks, prepend the stack name plus  a '.' symbol.

```
links:
 - mongo
 - staging.mongo
```

Linked service variables will be inherited.

## ports
Make ports publictly accesble. Either specify both ports (`HOST:CONTAINER`), or just the container port (a random host port will be chosen).

```
ports:
 - "80"
 - "443:443"
```

## volumes
Mount paths as volumes, optionally specifying a path on the host machine (`HOST:CONTAINER`), or an access mode (`HOST:CONTAINER:ro`).

```
volumes:
 - /etc/mysql
 - /sys:/sys
 - /etc:/etc:ro
```

## volumes_from
Mount all of the volumes from another service.  For services in other stacks, prepend the stack name plus  a '.' symbol.

```
volumes_from:
 - database
 - staging.database
```

## labels
Indicates the labels associated to this service.

```
labels:
 - staging
```

## command
Override the default command in the image.

```
command: echo 'D2K8 World!'
```

## Docker-compose non-supported keys

d2k8.yml has been designed for _docker-compose.yml_ compatibility, but _docker-compose.yml_ keys not documented here are not yet supported.
